docs: update test triggers doc (#3034)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/3-using-testkube/triggers.md

Testkube allows you to automate running tests and test suites by defining triggers on certain events for various
Kubernetes resources.

> In generic terms, a **trigger** defines an **action** which will executed for a given **execution** when a certain **event** on a specific **resource** occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In generic terms, a **trigger** defines an **action** which will be executed for a given **execution** when a certain **event** on a specific **resource** occurs.
```

  resource: for which Resource do we monitor Event which triggers an Action
  resourceSelector: resourceSelector identifies which Kubernetes objects should be watched
  event: on which Event for a Resource should an Action be triggered
  conditionSpec: which resource conditions should be matched
  action: action represents what needs to be executed for selected execution
  execution: execution identifies for which test execution should an action be executed
  delay: "OPTIONAL: add a delay before scheduling a test or testsuite when a trigger is matched to an event"
  testSelector: testSelector identifies on which Testkube Kubernetes Objects an action should be taken
```

### Selectors

**resourceSelector** and **testSelector** fields support selecting resources either by name or using
Kubernetes [Label Selector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#resources-that-support-set-based-requirements).

> Each selector should specify the **namespace** of the object, otherwise the namespace gets defaulted to **testkube**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each selector should specify the **namespace** of the object, otherwise the namespace defaults to **testkube**.
```
